[docs] added umask command to install YBA steps (#21153)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/v2.18/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/installer.md

  /bin/mv, /usr/bin/find, /opt/yugabyte/software/*/pgsql/bin/createdb, /opt/yugabyte/software/*/pgsql/bin/initdb
  ```

> - Note that if you are trying to install YBA installer less than version 2.18.4.2, you need to set umask for the root user to 022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are installing a version earlier than v2.18.4.2, set umask for the root user to 022.
```
